apps/quickstart-react/README.md, before:

## Overview
This is the "Quickstart React" example Monday app. 
<br>It can be used as a board view or dashboard widget, connected to a board and render data from the board using settings.

<br>This app demonstrates how to use: 
- [settings](https://developer.monday.com/apps/docs/mondayget#requesting-context-and-settings-data) 
- [context](https://developer.monday.com/apps/docs/mondayget#sample-context-objects-for-each-feature-type) 
- [API](https://developer.monday.com/apps/docs/mondayapi)

<br>You can find more info in our QuickStart guide [here](https://developer.monday.com/apps/docs/quickstart-view)
<br /> ![Screenshot](https://dapulse-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/w_900/v1591485466/remote_mondaycom_static/developers/screenshots/final_view.gif)

## Run the project

In the project directory, you should run:

### `npm install`

And then to run an application with the monday tunnel, run:

### `npm start`

Find the provided URL in your terminal. This is your public URL, and you can use it to test your application.
Example: https://abcd12345.apps-tunnel.monday.app

## Configure Monday App 

1. Open monday.com, login to your account and go to a "Developers" section.
2. Create a new "QuickStart View Example App"
3. Open "OAuth & Permissions" section and add "boards:read" scope
4. Open "Features" section and create a new "Boards View" feature
5. Open "View setup" tab and fulfill in "Custom URL" field your monday tunnel public URL, which you got previously (example: https://abcd12345.apps-tunnel.monday.app)
6. Click "Boards" button and choose one of the boards with some data in it.
7. Click "Preview button"
8. Enjoy the Quickstart View Example app!

## Release your app
1. Run script
### `npm run build`
2. Zip your "./build" folder
3. Open "Build" tab in your Feature
4. Click "New Build" button
5. Click "Upload" radio button and upload zip file with your build
6. Go to any board and add your just released view
7. Enjoy!

Commit message:

react: added deploy script and updated readme

apps/quickstart-react/README.md, after:

## Overview
This is the "Quickstart React" example Monday app. 
<br>It can be used as a board view or dashboard widget, connected to a board and render data from the board using settings.

<br>This app demonstrates how to use: 
- [settings](https://developer.monday.com/apps/docs/mondayget#requesting-context-and-settings-data) 
- [context](https://developer.monday.com/apps/docs/mondayget#sample-context-objects-for-each-feature-type) 
- [API](https://developer.monday.com/apps/docs/mondayapi)

<br>You can find more info in our Quickstart guide [here](https://developer.monday.com/apps/docs/quickstart-view)
<br /> ![Screenshot](https://dapulse-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/w_900/v1591485466/remote_mondaycom_static/developers/screenshots/final_view.gif)

## Install dependencies

In the project directory, run:

### `npm install`

Start the app locally using:

### `npm start`

Find the provided URL in your terminal. This is your public URL, and you can use it to test your application.
Example: https://abcd12345.apps-tunnel.monday.app

## Deploy your app

Deploy the app with: 

### `npm run deploy`

Follow the prompts to select the app and version to connect your deployment to. 

## Configure app in the monday UI

1. Open monday.com, login to your account and go to the "Developers" section.
2. Create a new "Quickstart View Example App"
3. Open "OAuth & Permissions" section and add "boards:read" scope
4. Open "Build > Features" section and create a new "Board View" feature
5. Select a deployment type:
    If testing locally: Select "External hosting", then paste your tunnel URL
    If deployed: Select "Client-side code via CLI". Leave the subroute field empty. 
6. Open a board, and then add your "Quickstart view example app" view!
