apps/github-node/README.md, before:

## Overview

This is the "Github Integration" example Monday app.

It can implement the following recipes: 
- When **status** changes to **something**, create an **issue** in **this repository**
- When an issue is created in **this repository**, create an **item**

### Features
This app demonstrates how to use:

- integration recipe
- custom action
- custom trigger
- call authentication with JWT
- query monday API using short lived token (seamless authentication)
- remote options for custom fields
- item mapping
- OAuth proccess to 3rd party

### Extending the sample code

The code is designed to be easy to understand and extend to any other API. We use JSDoc to document the main functions. There are `@todo` tags to explain some of the parts you need to adapt to your own API. 

## Install

1. Make sure you have Node (v10+), npm , and [Node version manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) installed

2. Use the correct node version:

```
$ nvm use
```

3. Run node modules install:

```
$ npm install
```

## Setup

1. Follow the instructions listed in the [SETUP.md](SETUP.md) file 

## Run

1. Run the server with the command:

```
$ npm start
```

Commit message:

feat: added video to Github readme
Added a video to Github readme to explain how to use it: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxG6HVSQh5M

apps/github-node/README.md, after:

## Overview

This is the "Github Integration" example Monday app.

It can implement the following recipes: 
- When **status** changes to **something**, create an **issue** in **this repository**
- When an issue is created in **this repository**, create an **item**

### Features
This app demonstrates how to use:

- integration recipe
- custom action
- custom trigger
- call authentication with JWT
- query monday API using short lived token (seamless authentication)
- remote options for custom fields
- item mapping
- OAuth proccess to 3rd party

### Extending the sample code

The code is designed to be easy to understand and extend to any other API. We use JSDoc to document the main functions. There are `@todo` tags to explain some of the parts you need to adapt to your own API. 

Learn more in this video: [Exploring the Github sample app](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxG6HVSQh5M)

## Install

1. Make sure you have Node (v10+), npm , and [Node version manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) installed

2. Use the correct node version:

```
$ nvm use
```

3. Run node modules install:

```
$ npm install
```

## Setup

1. Follow the instructions listed in the [SETUP.md](SETUP.md) file 

## Run

1. Run the server with the command:

```
$ npm start
```
